TreasureMapConKFrags docs updates (diagram and notes) (#2833)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/index.rst

anyone she wants by creating a policy and uploading it to
the NuCypher network.

2. Alice gets information about the group of ``n`` Ursulas associated
with the policy, which are nodes on the NuCypher network. Each Ursula provides their encrypting key, and Alice creates
``n`` re-encryption key shares (:term:`kFrag`), each of which is encrypted with a different Ursula's encrypting key.
The Ursulas in the group stand ready to re-encrypt data in exchange for payment in fees and token rewards.
The list of Ursulas and their associated encrypted re-encryption key shares are stored in a treasure map. Alice

> subsequently encrypts the treasure map for Bob. The treasure map gives Bob the requisite information for getting
> the shared data re-encrypted by the NuCypher Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subsequently encrypts the treasure map for Bob. The treasure map provides Bob the requisite information and cryptographic material to successfully request the NuCypher network to re-encrypt the data shared by Alice – such that he can decrypt it with his private key. 
```

The resulting encrypted data can be uploaded to IPFS, Swarm, S3,
or any other storage layer.

4. Bob, a data recipient, uses the treasure map to determine the list of Ursulas to contact and the associated
re-encryption key share to send to Ursula for the re-encryption operation. Bob obtains the encrypted data from the
storage layer and sends a re-encryption request to the relevant Ursulas on the NuCypher network. If the policy is
satisfied, Ursula decrypts the provided re-encryption key share and re-encrypts the data to Bob's public key. Bob
can subsequently decrypt the data with his private key.

> 5. Ursulas earn fees and token rewards for performing re-encryption operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Ursulas earn fees and token rewards for being available to perform re-encryption operations.
```
